*{
    margin: 0px;
}

盒子邊界
margin-top: 16px 1em 100%;
margin-left
margin-right
margin-bottom
border-top
border-left
border-right
border-bottom
padding-top
padding-left
padding-right
padding-bottom
content-top
content-left
content-right
content-bottom

背景圖片
background-color: #RRGGBB;
background-image: url("網址");
background-size: cover;
-auto		Default value. The background image is displayed in its original size	
-length		Sets the width and height of the background image. The first value sets the width, the second value sets the height. If only one value is given, the second is set to "auto". Read about length units	
-percentage	Sets the width and height of the background image in percent of the parent element. The first value sets the width, the second value sets the height. If only one value is given, the second is set to "auto"	
-cover		Resize the background image to cover the entire container, even if it has to stretch the image or cut a little bit off one of the edges	
-contain	Resize the background image to make sure the image is fully visible	
-initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
-inherit	Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit
background-position: center center;
left top
left center
left bottom
right top
right center
right bottom
center top
center center
center bottom
-------------------------
文字格式

字型font-family
Georgia
Palatino Linotype
Book Antiqua
Times New Roman
Arial
Helvetica
Arial Black
Impact
Lucida Sans Unicode
Tahoma
Verdana
Courier New
Lucida Console
initial

大小font-size
medium	Sets the font-size to a medium size. This is default	
xx-small	Sets the font-size to an xx-small size	
x-small	Sets the font-size to an extra small size	
small	Sets the font-size to a small size	
large	Sets the font-size to a large size	
x-large	Sets the font-size to an extra large size	
xx-large	Sets the font-size to an xx-large size	
smaller	Sets the font-size to a smaller size than the parent element	
larger	Sets the font-size to a larger size than the parent element	
length	Sets the font-size to a fixed size in px, cm, etc. Read about length units	
%	Sets the font-size to a percent of  the parent element's font size	
initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit

粗細font-weight
normal	Defines normal characters. This is default	
bold	Defines thick characters	
bolder	Defines thicker characters	
lighter	Defines lighter characters	
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900	Defines from thin to thick characters. 400 is the same as normal, and 700 is the same as bold	
initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit

傾斜font-style
normal	The browser displays a normal font style. This is default	
italic	The browser displays an italic font style	
oblique	The browser displays an oblique font style	
initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit

顏色color

位置text-align
left	Aligns the text to the left	
right	Aligns the text to the right	
center	Centers the text	
justify	Stretches the lines so that each line has equal width (like in newspapers and magazines)	
initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit

利用盒子排版
display: inline; inline/block/inline-block
inline	Displays an element as an inline element (like <span>). Any height and width properties will have no effect	
block	Displays an element as a block element (like <p>). It starts on a new line, and takes up the whole width	
contents	Makes the container disappear, making the child elements children of the element the next level up in the DOM	
flex	Displays an element as a block-level flex container	
grid	Displays an element as a block-level grid container	
inline-block	Displays an element as an inline-level block container. The element itself is formatted as an inline element, but you can apply height and width values	
inline-flex	Displays an element as an inline-level flex container	
inline-grid	Displays an element as an inline-level grid container	
inline-table	The element is displayed as an inline-level table	
list-item	Let the element behave like a <li> element	
run-in	Displays an element as either block or inline, depending on context	
table	Let the element behave like a <table> element	
table-caption	Let the element behave like a <caption> element	
table-column-group	Let the element behave like a <colgroup> element	
table-header-group	Let the element behave like a <thead> element	
table-footer-group	Let the element behave like a <tfoot> element	
table-row-group	Let the element behave like a <tbody> element	
table-cell	Let the element behave like a <td> element	
table-column	Let the element behave like a <col> element	
table-row	Let the element behave like a <tr> element	
none	The element is completely removed	
initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit

position: static; static/relative/absolute/fixed
static:瀏覽器預設
static 是預設值。任何套用position: static;的元素「不會被特別定位」在頁面上特定位置，
而是照著瀏覽器預設的配置自動排版在頁面上，所有其他的屬性值都代表該元素會被定位在頁面上。
-static	Default value. Elements render in order, as they appear in the document flow
relative:相對位置
-relative	The element is positioned relative to its normal position, so "left:20px" adds 20 pixels to the element's LEFT position
fixed:絕對位置
-fixed	The element is positioned relative to the browser window
absolute:相對於它的父元素進行定位
-absolute	The element is positioned relative to its first positioned (not static) ancestor element	

-sticky	The element is positioned based on the user's scroll position
A sticky element toggles between relative and fixed, depending on the scroll position. It is positioned relative until a given offset position is met in the viewport - then it "sticks" in place (like position:fixed).

Note: Not supported in IE/Edge 15 or earlier. Supported in Safari from version 6.1 with a -webkit- prefix.	
-initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
-inherit

z-index: 5; 1/2/3/... 0(default) -1/-2/-3/...